QUESTION 1:- Consider the problem of predicting how well a student does in her
              second year of college/university, given how well she did in her 
              first year.
             Specifically, let x be equal to the number of "A" grades (including
             A-. A and A+ grades) that a student receives in their first year of
             college (freshmen year). We would like to predict the value of y,
             which we define as the number of "A" grades they get in their second
             year (sophomore year).

             Here each row is one training example. Recall that in linear regression,
             our hypothesis is hθ(x)=θ+θ1+x, and we use mm to denote the number of training examples.
             
             (x,y)=(3,2) (1,2) (0,1) (4,3)

             For the training set given above (note that this training set may also
             be referenced in other questions in this quiz), what is the value of mm? 
             In the box below, please enter your answer (which should be a number between 0 and 10).

ANSWER:-  4

QUESTION 2:- Consider the following training set of m=4 training examples:

                   x   	   y   
                   1   	   0.5   
                   2   	   1   
                   4   	   2   
                   0   	   0 
              Consider the linear regression model hθ(x)=θ0 +θ1​x. What are the values of θ0 and θ1
              that you would expect to obtain upon running gradient descent on this model? (Linear 
              regression will be able to fit this data perfectly.)
              
ANSWER:-      θ0 = 0 && θ1 = 0.5        

QUESTION 3:- Suppose we set θ0 = −1, θ1 = 2 in the linear regression hypothesis from Q1. What is hθ(6)?

ANSWER:-     11

QUESTION 4:- Let ff be some function so that
             f(θ0 ,θ1) outputs a number. For this problem,
             f is some arbitrary/unknown smooth function (not necessarily the
             cost function of linear regression, so ff may have local optima).
             Suppose we use gradient descent to try to minimize f(θ0 ,θ1)
             as a function of θ0 and θ1. Which of the following statements are true? (Check all that apply.)
ANSWER:-1) If the learning rate is too small, then gradient descent may take a very long time to converge.
        2) If θ0 and θ1 are initialized at a local  minimum, thne one iteration will not change their values.

QUESTION 5:- Suppose that for some linear regression problem (say, predicting
           housing prices as in the lecture), we have some training set, and for our training set we managed to find some θ0 , θ1	
           such that J(θ0 ,θ1)=0.

           Which of the statements below must then be true? (Check all that apply.)
ANSWER:-1) We can perfectly predict the value of y even for new examples that we have not yet seen.
           (e.g., we can perfectly predict prives of even new houses that we not yeet seen.)



